hey it's me Destin this week I've been
in the lab or my garage working on my
thesis so I'm trying to finish it so I
can't give you an awesome video this
week to hold you over I'll give you some
video when me and my daughter went to
the fair and we checked out some pretty
cool things about animals anyway check
it out I got to get back to my thesis
movies this duck has three feet the
weird thing is the extra foot is growing
out of its head this is a condition
known as Paulo Melia where you have
extra appendages
grace pH in the cabeza and all the
raffia she do oh he's a tricky one
he's not 30
one of my favorite animals growing up
was a quagga even though it was extinct
and so we found something pretty similar
here what is this called as lee down as
he don't bother neighbor and the mother
is a dumpy so the father's a zebra and
the mother's a donkey ears he don't see
don't see don't you put your hand flat
like this he won't bite your fingers huh
what source source now what's the source
is a horse daddy is a zebra mother is a
horse
I'm okay next we're gonna learn what
it's like when a bullet hits an eyeball
for real we're gonna do it a source and
a zedonk I hope you learn something
all right let's be honest this week's
video wasn't that awesome so what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna go ahead and put a
video right right there you can go ahead
and click on that Joe and buzz they're
my friends and they're cool it's a
matter of fact they're so cool you're
gonna subscribe so I'll go ahead and I
just put a link right here so you can
just go ahead and subscribe to them by
clicking that you're gonna like it a
promise that's uh why aren't you
clicking it just